hello and welcome back to my channel is
drew here I am back with a new video
this is going to be a skincare video
which I remember I thought want to meet
one time on my channel I think like
three years ago maybe so I haven't
updated skincare video and so long by
the way I'm 22 years old
so guys I'm sort of at the age where
than it is skincare needs to start being
applied to my skin I think Daley's so my
whole reasoning behind this this is that
once you may hit like 30 35 40 and start
getting wrinkles there's not a really
great way to take them away other than
plastic surgery which is not a priority
at the moment so using skincare at a
younger age sort of as precautionary or
preventative measures I personally think
is a great way to go so that's why I've
invested some skincare so some of these
products might be on the pricier side
but I'm going to try to link very
similar products for you guys because I
tried a ton of products that has worked
for me from both drugstore and specialty
skincare stores so I know a lot of
products that I can link for you guys so
make sure to check the description box
below for everything is each in this
video I also want to mention that I kind
of only do the dis Fulton hair routine
at nighttime I'm not a huge morning time
skincare person I don't know why I just
kind of wake up do my hair and go
because I'm always in a hurry but I
first want to start off with my cleanser
and this is the Clinique liquid facial
soap in mild I love this product I've
been using it for about two years now
it's an amid green bottle it's pretty
ascetically pleasing I love this and as
silver packaging on it but essentially
it's just a super super mild space so
another product that I love loves love
using when I was in high school was the
Cetaphil facial wash and I had an
extremely bad acne in high school and
the Cetaphil wash was one that really
maintained it didn't really take my acne
away it kind of did a little bit but it
kind of maintains it didn't get worse at
all so the Cetaphil gentle skin wash if
you are looking for a drugstore more
inexpensive skin wash I highly highly
highly suggest to set up the one after I
cleanse
Collective foliate so I might do this
like twice a week one to two times a
week depending on how my skin feels or
if I think that an exfoliation but the
products I used to exfoliate is the
cakes are built a silicate it's just
really nice basically it is a green sort
of product in here and it pretty much
matcha green and I think it actually has
macho or green tea in it but I
absolutely love it it smells amazing as
exfoliating it's kind of hydrating at
the same time so a lot of times that's
our exfoliate I feel like it's drying
but I think this has some oils in it
that kind of keeps your skin nice and
like hydrated while you're exfoliating
so it's kind of kind of like a two in
one product I kind of feel like and I
don't know I just really like it ice
exfoliator I've been using for about a
year now I've gone through two bottles
of it and I've repurposed it so clearly
I like it it's a great exfoliator next
to go into toner but I actually don't
use a toner I used this facial treatment
essence from SK - and I know lauding
tubers and just like social media people
in general
how about showcased this product as a
partnership or like an ad or something
but in zero way am i getting paid to
show you guys this at all and dural am i
even getting I haven't even contacted by
to SK - to show you this or even
contacted by them in general I just love
this product I actually had a travel
sized one prior and it's amazing it's a
product that you're not going to see
like immediate results but it's one of
those long-term you're going to use it
and it's going to benefit your skin
because it has a product inside help
cetera and it has a large percentage of
cetera inside of this product but
essentially the Terra is an ingredient
that i think is like sk two kind of
elegant islands or have copywritten and
inside their products it basically
really rejuvenates your skin voice into
your skin over time it sort of
unoxidized your skin and really balances
out the color so that's why I'm using it
just to make sure that my skin doesn't
have any splotchiness or weird color to
it and it's just really nice in general
it's kind of very refreshing to apply to
the skin and I just put it on a little
cotton round and wipe it all over my
face and it's pretty good I know a lot
of people also will just put it directly
in their hand and sort of Pat it in to
really penetrate the skin so then I'll
finish off my routine with a moisturizer
so I have two different moisturizers
that
absolutely love using these are the two
that are my favorite this first one is
from Clinique and this is a clinic
Moisture Surge I've used this for a long
long time it's been one of my like Holy
Grail products that I've always gone to
because my friend had actually
introduced me to this product the reason
that I love it is because of things into
the skin instantly and it doesn't leave
like this glassy glaze or like this very
thick sort of like sticky remnants on
your face it sinks in quickly and it
keeps your skin moisturized but another
product that I'm absolutely obsessed
with which is very similar to the clinic
product is the dark fawn Hydra skin
light and it's going to under which
apart start bonus it is a French skin
care line and they're kind of known for
using extremely potent natural
ingredients in their products so they
use lots of different oils like
chamomile oil avocado oil apricot oil
all those sorts of oils and they'll mix
them in and it's kind of like a very
nutrient serum flushing mix for your
skin
so I'll Express dark on hydrogen light
is a gel cream very similar to the
clinic one but I've kind of been using
this one more than the Clinique one I
just like this one a bit more it's
almost on the in-between of sinking into
your skin really soft and a light layer
on top it sort of leaves the light layer
but I feel like especially when I'm
sleeping I don't mind having that on my
skin because it just hydrates while I'm
sleeping I feel like and there's
something just kind of working as in
please my last favorite product is an
oil and I think that everyone needs an
oil because these are really enriched
with a lot of product so we're going to
benefit your skin so this particular one
is from dark fawn I actually learned
about oils from dark on I've been to
their factory or they're like
headquarters sort of in France and I
absolutely love dark on products this is
the eight flower nectar oil and
essentially what oils do is you're going
to put a couple drops on your skin and
just apply it to your face and don't be
worried if you actually have oily skin
because this is something that you're
going to use more about nighttime you
actually could also apply some this in
your foundation if you are a girl or if
you wear foundation in general you can
apply a little bit and it's kind of
going to create a bit more of a sheer
sort of dewy finish to your foundation
which is kind of nice but I personally
apply this on nighttime and
I find that it's very like
nutrient-enriched has lost different
oils in it so dark bond of course makes
a lot of products with natural potent
ingredients so it's really going to do a
lot for your skin so I'll apply a little
bit of this after my moisturizer and
that's just going to keep my face again
working overnight and sort of like
penetrating my skin and making sure
that's getting the most benefit that I
can over night while I'm sleeping so I
love that about the oil and last but not
least guys I do have a couple of my
favorite maps that I want to share with
you guys because I love maps they're one
of my favorite things to apply and
especially when I have like more of a
pamper night or watching Netflix or
something I always like to apply a mask
prior to doing all the skincare this
first mask is a clay mask and this one
really draws out a lot imperfections or
impurities in your skin this one's from
Aesop and it's a parsley seed mask I've
gone through multiple of these and I
just really love this one because the
smell is very very clean and I love that
about it and it's also a clay mask
so what harden is really really
rock-hard on your skin and when you wash
it off you can really tell that a lot
and drawn-out and it's just kind of it's
a little bit drying when you wash it off
but that's why I finish it off with a
lot of my more moisturizing skincare
afterwards a super affordable option for
a mask is this one by heels the Kiehl's
age defender dual action exfoliating
cleanser and Mac and it's Marie made of
Moroccan lava clay so once again this is
like another clay mask I find that this
one doesn't get out hard as the a soft
one but I do find that this one is
actually kind of tricky to take off the
skin so it will take a little bit of
scrubbing and rubbing and rinsing but
once you get it off your skin feels
amazing and I love the smell of this one
it also has phytic acid in it which I'm
not 100% sure what that does but overall
I just find this is one of my favorite
more inexpensive mess I think this
raises about $15 and last but not least
this mask is a bit more expensive this
is the pharmacy honey potion and the
thing I love about this is is a renewing
antioxidant hydration mask with
echinacea honey so honey is super super
beneficial for you
for the skin and this mask is a warming
mask which is also very unique so what
you do is you scoop out a little bit
with a little scooping that comes with
it you scoop it out and put it on your
skin you rub it in it starts heating up
so as you rubbing off you're rubbing on
your face the product actually starts
heating up and it's amazing it feels
like a warm kind of massage on your skin
and then you leave it on your skin for
about 20 minutes or so and it hardens up
a little bit and then you rinse it off
after but the thing that's great about
this is it has the echinacea honey in it
which is super beneficial for your skin
so basically this echinacea honey
contains the highest known concentration
of biochemical chloric acid a potent
natural antioxidant which heightens
which heightened in the hydrating and
purifying benefits of the skin so you
really get a lot of this product so guys
that was my skincare I know it was kind
of intensive I know that it might have
been a lot for some of you but that's
just what I do and a lot of you ask so I
thought I would have delivered you my
authentic skincare routine so if you did
enjoy this video make sure to give it a
thumbs up and I'd love to know if you
guys have any Holy Grail skincare
products that you use because I love
trying out new things so please leave
them the description box in the number
description box the comment section
below and I'll send you an excellent
like I show em you
oh I see the last
[Music]